README.md, before:

## Hi there, I'm Ketan 👋

[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-Connect-blue?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/ketansomvanshi/)
[![Twitter](https://img.shields.io/badge/Twitter-Follow-blue?style=for-the-badge&logo=twitter)](https://twitter.com/ketsindian)
[![Email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-Contact-red?style=for-the-badge&logo=mail)](mailto:ketan.dev0@gmail.com)
[![LeetCode](https://img.shields.io/badge/LeetCode-Solve-yellow?style=for-the-badge&logo=leetcode)](https://leetcode.com/ketansomvanshi007/)
[![Portfolio](https://img.shields.io/badge/Portfolio-Visit%20Website-lightgrey?style=for-the-badge)](https://ketansomvanshi.github.io/KetanSomvanshi/)
[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-Profile-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=github)](https://github.com/KetanSomvanshi/)


I'm an innovative Engineer and a Problem Solver with a proven track record in building cutting-edge, high-performance, and scalable systems that drive the digital landscape. With a meticulous attention to detail and a passion for delivering reliable solutions, I thrive on transforming complex challenges into elegant and efficient software solutions.


🔧 Skills: 
- 💻 Languages: 
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-%2314354C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white" height="24"/> &nbsp;
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Java-%23ED8B00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=java&logoColor=white" height="24"/> &nbsp;
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Go-%2300ADD8.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=go&logoColor=white" height="24"/> &nbsp;
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/JS-%23F7DF1E.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black" height="24"/>

- 🚀 Frameworks: 
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/FastAPI-%230D96F6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=fastapi&logoColor=white" height="24"/> &nbsp;
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Celery-%2348B648.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=celery&logoColor=white" height="24"/> &nbsp;
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Echo-%232D3235.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=echo&logoColor=white" height="24"/> &nbsp;
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Flask-%23000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=flask&logoColor=white" height="24"/> &nbsp;
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Spring_Boot-%236DB33F.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=spring&logoColor=white" height="24"/> &nbsp;
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/React-%2361DAFB.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=black" height="24"/>

- ☁️ Infrastructure: 
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/AWS-%23232F3E.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=amazon-aws&logoColor=white" height="24"/> &nbsp;
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Terraform-%23623CE4.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=terraform&logoColor=white" height="24"/> &nbsp;
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-%232496ED.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white" height="24"/>

- 🗄️ Databases: 
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/PostgreSQL-%23336791.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white" height="24"/> &nbsp;
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Redis-%23DC382D.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=redis&logoColor=white" height="24"/> &nbsp;
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Clickhouse-%233EC8C6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=clickhouse&logoColor=white" height="24"/> &nbsp;
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-%2347A248.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white" height="24"/> &nbsp;
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Elasticsearch-%23005571.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=elasticsearch&logoColor=white" height="24"/>



💼 Experience:
- Software Development Engineer 2 at [Plivo](https://www.plivo.com/), built [Contacto](https://www.contacto.com) product

- Senior Software Engineer at [RadixHealth](https://www.radixhealth.com/)

- Software Engineer at [HSBC](https://www.hsbc.com/)


🚀 Other Project:
- Tech Lead at [ShopMyCar](https://www.linkedin.com/company/shopmycar/), a product aiming to revolutionize the car buying/selling experience.

- Interned at Theta Controls to build an Unmanned Autonomous Vehicle for DRDO.

- Core team member of [PICT Team Robocon](https://www.linkedin.com/company/pictrobotics/), represented college for national level competitions.


⚡ Interests:

Distributed Systems, High-Level System Designing, Low-Level System Designing, Object-Oriented Programming, Data Structures, and Algorithms.

Let's connect and collaborate on exciting projects!

Happy coding! 😄

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://media4.giphy.com/media/26FxzFK4yudFHRFde/200w.gif?cid=82a1493bbh7nn5la0iljowktsa0t88n7gvxlaltzao04dw8p&ep=v1_gifs_related&rid=200w.gif&ct=g" alt="Happy Coding" height="250"/>
</div>

## 📝 My Blogs

- [Dynamic Object Mapping in SQLAlchemy for Multitenancy](/blogs/dynamic-object-mapping.md)
- Do you really need the Big Gun - Elasticsearch ?
  - [Exploring Full-Text Search with ts_vector and GIN Indexing in PostgreSQL](/blogs/full-text-search-in-postgres.md)
  - [Quickwit vs Elasticsearch - Comparing Two Powerful Search Solutions](/blogs/unlocking-efficient-search-with-quickwit.md)

Commit message:

new blog for structuring fastapi app

README.md, after:

## Hi there, I'm Ketan 👋

[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-Connect-blue?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/ketansomvanshi/)
[![Twitter](https://img.shields.io/badge/Twitter-Follow-blue?style=for-the-badge&logo=twitter)](https://twitter.com/ketsindian)
[![Email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-Contact-red?style=for-the-badge&logo=mail)](mailto:ketan.dev0@gmail.com)
[![LeetCode](https://img.shields.io/badge/LeetCode-Solve-yellow?style=for-the-badge&logo=leetcode)](https://leetcode.com/ketansomvanshi007/)
[![Portfolio](https://img.shields.io/badge/Portfolio-Visit%20Website-lightgrey?style=for-the-badge)](https://ketansomvanshi.github.io/KetanSomvanshi/)
[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-Profile-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=github)](https://github.com/KetanSomvanshi/)


I'm an innovative Engineer and a Problem Solver with a proven track record in building cutting-edge, high-performance, and scalable systems that drive the digital landscape. With a meticulous attention to detail and a passion for delivering reliable solutions, I thrive on transforming complex challenges into elegant and efficient software solutions.


🔧 Skills: 
- 💻 Languages: 
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-%2314354C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white" height="24"/> &nbsp;
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Java-%23ED8B00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=java&logoColor=white" height="24"/> &nbsp;
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Go-%2300ADD8.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=go&logoColor=white" height="24"/> &nbsp;
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/JS-%23F7DF1E.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black" height="24"/>

- 🚀 Frameworks: 
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/FastAPI-%230D96F6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=fastapi&logoColor=white" height="24"/> &nbsp;
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Celery-%2348B648.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=celery&logoColor=white" height="24"/> &nbsp;
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Echo-%232D3235.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=echo&logoColor=white" height="24"/> &nbsp;
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Flask-%23000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=flask&logoColor=white" height="24"/> &nbsp;
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Spring_Boot-%236DB33F.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=spring&logoColor=white" height="24"/> &nbsp;
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/React-%2361DAFB.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=black" height="24"/>

- ☁️ Infrastructure: 
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/AWS-%23232F3E.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=amazon-aws&logoColor=white" height="24"/> &nbsp;
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Terraform-%23623CE4.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=terraform&logoColor=white" height="24"/> &nbsp;
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-%232496ED.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white" height="24"/>

- 🗄️ Databases: 
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/PostgreSQL-%23336791.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white" height="24"/> &nbsp;
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Redis-%23DC382D.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=redis&logoColor=white" height="24"/> &nbsp;
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Clickhouse-%233EC8C6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=clickhouse&logoColor=white" height="24"/> &nbsp;
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-%2347A248.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white" height="24"/> &nbsp;
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Elasticsearch-%23005571.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=elasticsearch&logoColor=white" height="24"/>



💼 Experience:
- Software Development Engineer 2 at [Plivo](https://www.plivo.com/), built [Contacto](https://www.contacto.com) product

- Senior Software Engineer at [RadixHealth](https://www.radixhealth.com/)

- Software Engineer at [HSBC](https://www.hsbc.com/)


🚀 Other Project:
- Tech Lead at [ShopMyCar](https://www.linkedin.com/company/shopmycar/), a product aiming to revolutionize the car buying/selling experience.

- Interned at Theta Controls to build an Unmanned Autonomous Vehicle for DRDO.

- Core team member of [PICT Team Robocon](https://www.linkedin.com/company/pictrobotics/), represented college for national level competitions.


⚡ Interests:

Distributed Systems, High-Level System Designing, Low-Level System Designing, Object-Oriented Programming, Data Structures, and Algorithms.

Let's connect and collaborate on exciting projects!

Happy coding! 😄

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://media4.giphy.com/media/26FxzFK4yudFHRFde/200w.gif?cid=82a1493bbh7nn5la0iljowktsa0t88n7gvxlaltzao04dw8p&ep=v1_gifs_related&rid=200w.gif&ct=g" alt="Happy Coding" height="250"/>
</div>

## 📝 My Blogs

- [Structuring a FastAPI App: An In-Depth Guide](/blogs/structuring-fastapi-application.md)
- Do you really need the Big Gun - Elasticsearch ?
  - [Exploring Full-Text Search with ts_vector and GIN Indexing in PostgreSQL](/blogs/full-text-search-in-postgres.md)
  - [Quickwit vs Elasticsearch - Comparing Two Powerful Search Solutions](/blogs/unlocking-efficient-search-with-quickwit.md)
- [Dynamic Object Mapping in SQLAlchemy for Multitenancy](/blogs/dynamic-object-mapping.md)
